# Data Science and Analytics proyects

Hello, my name is Ivan and I am a junior data analyst. I have always been fascinated by the power of data to inform decision-making, drive innovation, and solve complex problems. Over the past few years, I have pursued my passion for data analytics by completing several courses, including the Google Data Analytics Certificate, which provided me with a solid foundation in the fundamentals of data analysis. I also recently completed a Post Graduate Program in Data Science and Data Management, which deepened my understanding of advanced techniques and tools for data analysis, as well as data visualization, machine learning, and statistical modeling. With these skills, I am excited to apply my knowledge and contribute to data-driven solutions that make a meaningful impact. Through this portfolio, you will see how I implement the skills I´ve developed as a Data Analyst.

## [Proyect 1: FoofHub](https://github.com/IvanCastillero/FoodHub-EDA-python-proyect)
This project involves analyzing a dataset related to food delivery orders from various restaurants. The dataset contains information about the order, customer, restaurant, cuisine, cost, day of the week, rating, food preparation time, and delivery time. The aim of the project is to gain insights into customer behavior, restaurant operations, and satisfaction ratings. The analysis involves exploring the relationship between various variables, identifying trends, and making recommendations to improve customer satisfaction and optimize restaurant operations.

## [Proyect 2: Diabetes prediction model](https://github.com/IvanCastillero/Diabetes-prediction-model-Python)
This project aimed to predict the likelihood of a person having diabetes based on several clinical variables. The dataset used in this project contained information on 768 patients and their diabetes status. I clean the data, created a logistic regression model for the dataset, tested the performance of the model, and drew conclusions in the end.
